have you ever woken up from the dream so
real that from moment you can't remember
where you are
this is a lot like that 16 years that's
more than a third of my life leading up
to this moment right here
you found a discrepancy I found a
misrepresentation that's one hell of a
payout we should celebrate
let's go up so what do you do I'm an
attorney why do you like a public
defender total corporate faceless guy
all the way really they're just
wondering why I brought my dad so he's
going over first okay how long till this
stuff is supposed to take him it's gonna
hurt you like
[Music]
these from the caffeine for the movies
from breakdown
the universe is trying to tell you some
of her pay attention you still think
you're on drugs
the universe knows what it wants balance
fighting that just throw your life into
chaos
you're almost there
they make this rain
that's a twist
[Music]
[Applause]
you